feat(exchange-oob-data): polish the out-of-band-v2 chapter (#228)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/stream/exchange-oob-data.md

(howto-exchange-oob-data)=
# How to exchange out-of-band data

Enabling out-of-band (OOB) data transmission between an Android application and a WebRTC client makes it possible to exchange data and trigger actions between an Android application and a WebRTC client. Anbox Cloud provides a full-duplex bidirectional data transmission mode in which data can flow in both directions at the same time.

The following instructions will walk you through how to set up data channels and perform data transmission in both directions between an Android application and a WebRTC platform.

### Prepare your web application

This guide builds upon the [streaming client setup tutorial](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/) for Anbox Cloud. Ensure you have completed the setup of a web-based streaming client as described in the tutorial till the [step where you set up stream client](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/#implement-the-stream-client).

#### Extend `AnboxStream` Configuration

> Now, to extend an `AnboxStream` object, add the `dataChannels` property to define a new data channel. For example:

Reviewer: I would explain the things below step by step so you have the context next to the actual code fragment. Wdyt?

```
  <body>
    <div id="anbox-stream"></div>
    <div id="controls" style="position: absolute; top: 20px; left: 20px; z-index: 10">
      <input type="text" id="textBox" placeholder="Send message">
      <button id="sendButton">Send</button>
    </div>

    <script>
      ...
      window.onload = () => {
        const stream = new AnboxStream({
          targetElement: "anbox-stream",
          ...

>           dataChannels: {

Reviewer: Can we add a comment inline to explain / highlight that this is the relevant part of the code we want the user to notice?

                close: () => {
                  console.log('data channel is closed')
                },
                open: () => {
                  console.log('data channel is open')
                },
                error: (err) => {
                  console.log(`error: ${err}`)
                },
                message: (data) => {
                  console.log(`data received: ${data}`)
                }
              }
            }
          }
        });
        stream.connect();

        const sendButton = document.getElementById("sendButton");
        const textBox = document.getElementById("textBox");
        sendButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
          const message = textBox.value;
          if (message) {
            stream.sendData('foo', message);
          }
        });
      };
    </script>
  </body>

```

1. This extends a `AnboxStream` object to create a data channel named `foo` and registers event handlers for data communication between the Anbox instance and web client.
2. It also adds a new section to the web page, containing an input field to type and send a message to Anbox runtime through the created data channel.

> When joining an existing stream-enabled instance, the data channel can be created dynamically based on the specific configuration of the instance.

Reviewer: I am not sure I can follow here. What do you mean with "the specific configuration of the instance"?

At the same time, a Unix domain socket is created under the `/run/user/1000/anbox/sockets` folder in the format of `webrtc_data_<channel_name>` (`webrtc_data_foo` in the example) within the Anbox instance and represent the established communication bridge between a web client and the Anbox runtime. This Unix domain socket can be used by a service or daemon to:

- Receive data sent from a web client over the data channel and forward it to an Android application.
- Receive data sent from an Android application and forward it to a web client over the data channel.

To simulate data transmission between the Anbox runtime and the web client, you can use the [`socat`](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man1/socat.1.html) command to connect the Unix domain socket and perform bidirectional asynchronous data sending and receiving:

> 1. Install the socat package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install the `socat` package:
```

1. Observe that the message is displayed in the [console](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console) of a web client, responding to the message event:

       data received: hello world

1. To test the other direction of the communication, in the web client, type a message and send the message over the `foo` data channel to the Anbox runtime.

1. Observe that the received data is printed out in the `socat` TCP session:

   ```
   socat - UNIX-CONNECT:/run/user/1000/anbox/sockets/webrtc_data_foo
   hello world
   anbox cloud
   ```

This enables data exchange between a service running on the Anbox instance and the web client. However, it does not yet facilitate data exchange between an Android application running inside the Android container and the web client.

### Data exchange between Android application and web client

In the [Anbox Streaming SDK](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk), there is an [out_of_band_v2](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk/tree/master/examples/android/out_of_band_v2) project. You can either:
- compile and modify the example application to meet your needs.

> - use the pre-built out-of-band v2 APK from the [release tarball](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk/releases) to get started and immediately try out this feature by [running end-to-end tests](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/stream/exchange-oob-data/#run-end-to-end-test).

Reviewer: Here we say they can use the example but below we talk again about another application ("Your Android application is required to implement a subclass of the ..."). Can't we just use only the example application we have built specifically for this purpose throughout this how-to and refer to parts of it for the explanation? I doubt that users will be able to implement their own app easily and will rather start right from the example for the first experiments. Wdyt?

* [Version 2](#version-2) provides a full-duplex bidirectional data transmission mode in which data can flow in both directions at the same time.

  Use this version if you start your implementation now. If you already have an existing implementation, you should plan to update it to use version 2.

> * [Version 1](#version-1) enables Android application developers to trigger an action from an Android application running in an instance and forward it to a WebRTC client through the Anbox runtime. When Anbox receives the action, as one peer of the WebRTC platform, the action is propagated from Anbox to the remote peer (the WebRTC client) through a WebRTC data channel. The client can then react to the action received from the remote peer and respond accordingly on the UI.

Reviewer: As support for version 1 has been removed (see below) shoud we not get rid of this here?

Author: You mean drop the Version 1 complete in the section?
I'm fine with that. What do you think @keirthana ?

Reviewer 2: It's been a while since we removed support, I am fine with removing it.

  This version supports only half-duplex data transmission. It allows sending data from an Android application to a WebRTC client through the Anbox runtime, but it is not possible to receive data from the WebRTC client to an Android application.

```{caution}

> The support for [version 1](#version-1) of the out-of-band data exchange between an Android application and a WebRTC client has been removed in the Anbox Cloud 1.16 release. Therefore, you should migrate your integration of version 1 of the OOB data exchange to [version 2](#version-2) for full-duplex data transmission and better performance.

Reviewer 2: If we remove the version 1 details, we can remove everything related to that

The following instructions will walk you through how to set up data channels and perform data transmission in both directions between an Android application and a WebRTC platform.

### Prepare your web application

This guide builds upon the [streaming client setup tutorial](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/) for Anbox Cloud. Ensure you have completed the setup of a web-based streaming client as described in the tutorial before proceeding.

#### Extend `AnboxStream` Configuration

> Following the tutorial's [step](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/#implement-the-stream-client) to create an AnboxStream object, add the `dataChannels` property to define a new data channel. For example:

Author: +1, that rewording makes sense to me.

        const textBox = document.getElementById("textBox");
        sendButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
          const message = textBox.value;
          if (message) {
            stream.sendData('foo', message);
          }
        });
      };
    </script>
  </body>

```

1. This extend a `AnboxStream` object to create a data channel named `foo` and registers event handlers for data communication between the Anbox instance and web client.
2. It also adds a new `div` to the web page, containing an input field for typing a message and a button to send the message over the `foo` channel to Anbox runtime.

```{note}
An `AnboxStream` object can create a maximum of five data channels. If the number of data channels exceeds the allowed maximum, an exception is thrown when instantiating the `AnboxStream` object.
```

### Data exchange between Anbox runtime and web client

Launch a stream-enabled instance

```
amc launch --name test-app \
  --raw jammy:android12:amd64 \
  --enable-streaming
```

Once the instance is up and running, retrieve the session id:

    amc ls --filter name=test-app --format=csv | awk -F',' '{split($6, r, "="); print r[2]}'

> Replace `<session_id>` with the session ID retrieved earlier in the streaming client. Next, launch your web client. Once the webpage is fully loaded, it establishs a WebRTC connection to the active session. After the WebRTC peer connection is successfully made, the `foo` data channel will be created on the Anbox runtime server side, in response to the client's request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace `<session_id>` with the session ID retrieved earlier in the streaming client. Next, launch your web client. Once the webpage is fully loaded, it establishes a WebRTC connection to the active session. After the WebRTC peer connection is successfully made, the `foo` data channel will be created on the Anbox runtime server side, in response to the client's request.
```

> Replace `<session_id>` with the session ID retrieved earlier in the streaming client. Next, launch your web client. Once the webpage is fully loaded, it establishs a WebRTC connection to the active session. After the WebRTC peer connection is successfully made, the `foo` data channel will be created on the Anbox runtime server side, in response to the client's request.

Author: > 1. Where is the placeholder <session_id> that needs to  be replaced? Will it be the output of the `ams ls` command? If yes, how will the user perform the act of replacing <session_id> with the session ID retrieved from the streaming client. I think I understand the step but not how to do it.

A: 
For context, if developers follow the "Prepare your web application" section in the [setup stream cient](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/#implement-the-stream-client), they should already understand this. However, I can explain it more.

> 2. For launching the web client, could we provide an example URL such as https:// or whatever is applicable?

A: yes, that looks better.
> 
> --- Also better to use "web page" than "webpage". I know both can be used interchangeably but spellcheck doesn't recognise "webpage"

- Receive data sent from a WebRTC client over the data channel and forward it to an Android application.
- Receive data sent from an Android application and forward it to a WebRTC client over the data channel.

To simulate data transmission between the Anbox runtime and the web client, you can use the [`socat`](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man1/socat.1.html) command to connect the Unix domain socket and perform bidirectional asynchronous data sending and receiving:

1. Connect the Unix domain socket:

   ```
   socat - UNIX-CONNECT:/run/user/1000/anbox/sockets/webrtc_data_foo
   ```

1. This command establishes a connection to the `webrtc_data_foo` Unix domain socket, allowing you to send and receive data directly through the established data channel between Anbox runtime and the web client. After the Unix domain socket is connected, type a message and hit the `Enter` key:

       hello world

   The data is now sent from the Anbox runtime over the data channel to the web client.
1. Observe that the message is displayed in the console of a web client, responding to the message event:

       data received: hello world

> 1. To test the other direction of the communication, in the web client, type `anbox cloud` and click the `Send` button to send the message over the `foo` data channel to the Anbox runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To test the other direction of the communication, in the web client, type a message and send the message over the `foo` data channel to the Anbox runtime.
```

The following instructions will walk you through how to set up data channels and perform data transmission in both directions between an Android application and a WebRTC platform.

### Prepare your web application

This guide builds upon the [streaming client setup tutorial](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/) for Anbox Cloud. Ensure you have completed the setup of a web-based streaming client as described in the tutorial till the [step where you set up stream client](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/#implement-the-stream-client).

#### Extend `AnboxStream` Configuration

> Now, to create an `AnboxStream` object, add the dataChannels property to define a new data channel. For example:

Reviewer 2: @adglkh Could you use backticks with dataChannels everywhere so that the documentation checks can pass?

dataChannels => `dataChannels`

Author: Sure, thanks for pointing this out

> Now, to create an `AnboxStream` object, add the `dataChannels` property to define a new data channel. For example:

Reviewer: This reads wrong given that we already have an `AnboxStream` object and just want to extend it.

Author: +1

Reviewer 2: So "to extend the `AnboxStream` object"?

                },
                error: (err) => {
                  console.log(`error: ${err}`)
                },
                message: (data) => {
                  console.log(`data received: ${data}`)
                }
              }
            }
          }
        });
        stream.connect();

        const sendButton = document.getElementById("sendButton");
        const textBox = document.getElementById("textBox");
        sendButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
          const message = textBox.value;
          if (message) {
            stream.sendData('foo', message);
          }
        });
      };
    </script>
  </body>

```

1. This extends a `AnboxStream` object to create a data channel named `foo` and registers event handlers for data communication between the Anbox instance and web client.
2. It also adds a new section to the web page, containing an input field to type and send a message to Anbox runtime through the created data channel.

```{note}
An `AnboxStream` object can create a maximum of five data channels. If the number of data channels exceeds the allowed maximum, an exception is thrown when instantiating the `AnboxStream` object.
```

> ### Data exchange between Anbox runtime and web client

Reviewer: I think there are words missing to give the glue between launching the stream enabled instance below and the change we did above. Wdyt?

Author: hmm, yeah, a bit.
Let me add something for the context

Launch a stream-enabled instance

```
amc launch --name test-app \

>   --raw jammy:android12:amd64 \

Reviewer: We should use a newer image and hint to the user that they may need to select `arm64` instead.

  --enable-streaming
```

> Once the instance is up and running, retrieve the session id:

Reviewer: How can a user know that it is up and running?

Author: Hmm, do we need to go into so much detail about how to check if an instance is up and running? This is a developer-oriented technical document, and it's assumed that the readers will have basic knowledge of how to use amc to manage instances. I could add more details here, but I'm not sure if it's really necessary.

Reviewer 2: Demonstrate the command, no need for too much explanation for the simple commands. (as discussed)

    amc ls --filter name=test-app --format=csv | awk -F',' '{split($6, r, "="); print r[2]}'

> In the `service.py` file of the stream client sample project, replace `<session_id>` with the session ID retrieved above. Next, launch the web client by opening `https://<appliance_private_ip>:8080/<session_id>` in your browser. Once the web page is fully loaded, it establishes a WebRTC connection to the active session. After the WebRTC peer connection is successfully made, the `foo` data channel will be created on the Anbox runtime server side, in response to the client's request.

Reviewer: We don't hard code the session id in the tutorial from https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/#implement-the-stream-client It is provided dynamically by the user including it in the URL he invokes.

```suggestion
In the `service.py` file of the stream client sample project, replace `<session_id>` with the session ID retrieved above. Next, launch the web client by opening `https://<appliance_private_ip>:8080/<session_id>` in your browser. Once the web page is fully loaded, it establishes a WebRTC connection to the instance. After the WebRTC peer connection is successfully made, the `foo` data channel will be created on the Anbox runtime server side, in response to the client's request.
```

"After the WebRTC peer connection" is also a new term we introduce here. Can we describe this in context of the `AnboxStream` object?

Author: Q: ...It is provided dynamically by the user including it in the URL he invokes.
A: ah yes, thanks for pointing this out

Q:"After the WebRTC peer connection" is also a new term we introduce here. Can we describe this in context of the AnboxStream object?
A: +1, yes we can.

> At the same time, a Unix domain socket is created under the `/run/user/1000/anbox/sockets` folder in the format of `webrtc_data_<channel_name>` (`webrtc_data_foo` in the example) and represent the established communication bridge between a WebRTC client and the Anbox runtime. This Unix domain socket can be used by a service or daemon to:

Reviewer: Where is the socket created? On the host? On my laptop? Within the container?

Reviewer: This also uses WebRTC again which we haven't introduced anywhere. I think we need to abstract this to be based in the context of a the `AnboxStream` object as that is something users will know at this point and can work with.

Author: Yes, it makes sense to me.

- Receive data sent from a WebRTC client over the data channel and forward it to an Android application.
- Receive data sent from an Android application and forward it to a WebRTC client over the data channel.

To simulate data transmission between the Anbox runtime and the web client, you can use the [`socat`](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man1/socat.1.html) command to connect the Unix domain socket and perform bidirectional asynchronous data sending and receiving:

1. Connect the Unix domain socket:

   ```

>    socat - UNIX-CONNECT:/run/user/1000/anbox/sockets/webrtc_data_foo

Reviewer: Is `socat` installed by default?

Author: This correlates with the comment I left above.
https://github.com/canonical/anbox-cloud-docs/pull/228#discussion_r1857709762

We've mentioned [`socat` package](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man1/socat.1.html) above, if people find that socat was not installed, they could easily install that?

   ```

1. This command establishes a connection to the `webrtc_data_foo` Unix domain socket, allowing you to send and receive data directly through the established data channel between Anbox runtime and the web client. After the Unix domain socket is connected, type a message and hit the `Enter` key:

       hello world

   The data is now sent from the Anbox runtime over the data channel to the web client.

> 1. Observe that the message is displayed in the console of a web client, responding to the message event:

Reviewer: What console do we mean here? If possible we should provide links to browser documentation.

Author: +1.

   anbox cloud <--  the received data
   ```

This enables data exchange between a service running on the Anbox instance and the web client. However, it does not yet facilitate data exchange between an Android application running inside the Android container and the web client.

### Data exchange between Android application and web client

To build up the communication bridge between an Android application and the web client, Anbox Cloud provides a system daemon named `anbox-webrtc-data-proxy`.  This daemon is responsible for:

 * Registering a system service named `org.anbox.webrtc.IDataProxyService` in Android container
 * Accepting connection requests from an Android application

>  * Connecting to one specific data channel via the Unix domain socket exposed by the Anbox runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Connecting to a specific data channel via the Unix domain socket exposed by the Anbox runtime
```

 * Passing the connected socket as a file descriptor to the Android application

This allows Android developers to easily make use of binder interprocess communication (IPC) for data communication between an Android application and the Anbox runtime through a file descriptor, enabling further data exchange with the web client.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>    anbox cloud <--  the received data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   anbox cloud
```

   ```

This enables data exchange between a service running on the Anbox instance and the web client. However, it does not yet facilitate data exchange between an Android application running inside the Android container and the web client.

### Data exchange between Android application and web client

To build up the communication bridge between an Android application and the web client, Anbox Cloud provides a system daemon named `anbox-webrtc-data-proxy`.  This daemon is responsible for:

>  * Registering a system service named `org.anbox.webrtc.IDataProxyService` in Android container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Registering a system service named `org.anbox.webrtc.IDataProxyService` to the Android system
```

 * Accepting connection requests from an Android application
 * Connecting to a specific data channel via the Unix domain socket exposed by the Anbox runtime
 * Passing the connected socket as a file descriptor to the Android application

> This allows Android developers to easily make use of binder interprocess communication (IPC) for data communication between an Android application and the Anbox runtime through a file descriptor, enabling further data exchange with the web client.

Reviewer: How does binder come into the picture? What is it? We haven't mentioned it abive, just "Registering a system service named ..."

Author: Let's just mention the Android system service for clarity.

```

```{note}

> If an instance is running on Android 14 image, enabling the out-of-band v2 feature requires the Android app to be running in order to receive broadcasts. If the app is in the [cached state](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/activities/process-lifecycle), the system places [context-registered broadcasts in a queue]((https://developer.android.com/develop/background-work/background-tasks/broadcasts#android-14)),meaning the app may not receive broadcasts immediately, as it would when the app is actively running. Hence, your application, which integrates the out-of-band feature, must be in a running state to receive notifications about the availability of data channels.

Reviewer: How can a user achieve this? What do they need to do?

Author: Do we want to include a command in a note? I've been hesitant to do so. Or we just mention the boot-package and direct users to the application manifest page?

Reviewer: As it stands it is not really actionable by the user and I wouldn't know what to do.

}
```

#### Send data to the Anbox runtime

To send data to the Anbox runtime platform through the file descriptor:

```
try {
    OutputStream ostream = new FileOutputStream(mFd.getFileDescriptor());
    ostream.write(data.getBytes(), 0, data.length());
} catch (IOException ex) {
    Log.i(TAG, "Failed to write data: " + ex.getMessage());
    ex.printStackTrace();
}
```

<!-- wokeignore:rule=master -->

> For a complete Android example, see the [out_of_band_v2](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk/tree/master/examples/android/out_of_band_v2) project.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we tell users to use this right away and then only provide a run through the relevant parts of it? Currently we present it as another option but I think it is unrealistic to think of users writing a new application just to play with the OOB feature. Letting them start with a ready made and working example should be much better. Wdyt?

#### Install the APK as system app

To connect the data channel to the Anbox WebRTC data proxy service within an Android container, the Android app must be installed and running as a system app. To do so, proceed with the following steps:
1. Add the attribute `android:sharedUserId="android.uid.system"` to the `<manifest>` tag in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file of your Android app, then build your application.

> 1. Create an Addon to install your apk as system App

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create an Addon to install your APK as a system app
```

>    - First, create a directory for your addon. Inside this directory, create a manifest.yaml file that defines your addon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - First, create a directory for your addon. Inside this directory, create a `manifest.yaml` file that defines your addon.
```

     ```
     name: install-system-app
     description: Install APK as a system app through the pre-start hook
     ```

>    - Place the your APK in the same directory, create a `pre-start` hook under the `hooks` foler with the following content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Place your APK in the same directory, create a `pre-start` hook under the `hooks` folder with the following content:
```

     ```
     #!/bin/bash -ex

     # Only install the APK as a system app when bootstrapping an application.
     if  [ "$INSTANCE_TYPE" = "regular" ]; then
       exit 0
     fi

     aam install-system-app \
       --apk="${ADDON_DIR}"/<your_apk_file> \
       --permissions=<comma-separated list of permissions that the application requires> \
       --package-name=<package_name>
       --access-hidden-api
     ```

   - Make sure the `pre-start` hook is executable:

     ```
     chmod +x hooks/pre-start
     ```

   - Navigate to the addon root folder and add it to AMS:

     ```
     amc addon add install-system-app .
     ```

   See [How to install an APK as a system app](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/port/install-apk-system-app/#howto-install-apk-system-app) for details.

#### Run end-to-end test

To launch a stream-enabled instance with the addon you created, run:
```
amc launch --name test-oobv2 \

>   --raw jammy:android12:amd64 \

Reviewer: See above.

Enabling the `allow_custom_system_signatures` feature is required to run the Android application as a system app in an Android container.
```

> In the [Anbox Streaming SDK](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk), there is an [out_of_band_v2](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk/tree/master/examples/android/out_of_band_v2) project. You can either:

Reviewer: This is what we should start with and then only come to highlights of the application either as part of the steps or separately.

- compile and modify the example application to meet your needs.

> - use the prebuilt out-of-band v2 APK from the [release tarball](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk/releases) for a quicker test of the functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- use the prebuilt out-of-band v2 APK from the [release tarball](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk/releases) for getting started immediately.
```

The following instructions use an APK built from this example for end-to-end testing. To do so:
  1. Use the out-of-band v2 APK in the above addon creation.
  1. Launch a stream-enabled instance with the addon created as mentioned above.

>   1. Retrieve the session id that asssoicated to the `test-oobv2` instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Retrieve the session id that associated to the `test-oobv2` instance
```

         amc ls --filter name=test-oobv2 --format=csv | awk -F',' '{split($6, r, "="); print r[2]}'

  1. To join the session, make sure to replace `<session_id>` the session ID retrieved above in the stream client.
  1. Launch the stream client that extends to [create the `foo` data channel](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/stream/exchange-oob-data/#prepare-your-web-application) upon establishing a WebRTC connection.

>   1. Once the WebRTC connection is connect, open the Out of Band v2 application in the Android container. enter 'foo' as the channel name in the line edit widget, then click the `CONNECT` button. Check if a toast message saying 'Channel "foo" is connected' appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Once the WebRTC connection is successful, open the Out of Band v2 application in the Android container. enter 'foo' as the channel name in the line edit widget, then click *CONNECT*. Check if a toast message saying 'Channel "foo" is connected' appears.
```

Author: Maybe 
Once the WebRTC connection is connect,
->
Once the WebRTC connection is established

>   1. Next, in the edit text widget, enter 'hello' as the text and click the `SEND` button. In the web client console, verify if the message is printed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Next, in the edit text widget, enter 'hello' as the text and click *SEND*. In the web client console, verify if the message is printed.
```

>   1. In the web client, type 'world' in the text box and click `Send` button, Then, check the Android application to see if the message appears in the 'Received Data' edit box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. In the web client, type 'world' in the text box and click *Send*, Then, check the Android application to see if the message appears in the *Received Data* field.
```
